[bell]
I just take this opportunity, we have a wonderful opportunity, it's one of our very great
opportunities for us.
I'm not saying it's a great opportunity for everyone, but it's really just big things.
For so many years we are looking, looking, thinking how to do it.
And this week we are able to install the five stupas, one after another, four stupas already
installed and pick the one, which is the big one.
Among the old stupas, which is 22 feet high, solid volcanic stones, we are able to bring from the
Indonesia with the larger, great efforts of the lama lori, lama laya,
and the lama klava, they make so much effort to bring these things, so finally go.
And then we just thought this year is not going to be able to install, but suddenly big medical
blessings are happening.
And then all our Sangha members in Padma Samye Ling have been extra, extra busy to prepare all the
mantras in every store, everything.
Really blessed objects, we gathered all that, and everything they organized and they are so
beautiful, perfectly, perfectly.
And that's last week, this last Monday, then it's finally, it's started really installing and
putting together.
Again, during that time, all our Sangha members and the supporters have been extra, extra busy.
But really joy and happy and really beautiful, wonderful fulfillment of the regions of all the San
gha members, those who are here and those who are also there.
And our great Shicha and Khidya Padme Charumui has that also region so long, and with many others.
So it's really fulfilling and I think this will be completed, this coming week, early part of the
coming week and completed.
I think it will happen as I thought to take this opportunity, share that.
And this is also, we dedicated this merit for all the sentient beings to the world peace, to all
that remove the suffering, the difficulty troubles for every living, really beings, to their final
commandments.
And that removing all the obstacles, disasters, nature, those disturbance, the fire, the water,
wind, the earth, so many things happening.
So really we dedicated this merit to every level. So please join with us, we dedicated this merit.
And also I'd like to say thank you so much. So many of our Sangha members and friends have sent a
lot of places, objects, a lot of those minerals and cereals, the jewels, and really unbelievable,
one after another.
But all went that in a stupa as you designated and you reached it as we said. It went there. If you
have the opportunity in the future, come here.
It's what you send, it's all in this stupas.
Solid walking stone, they told me at the beginning of the time we were discussing, I was curious
how long this would last. They told me it would last 1,000 years, 1,000 years.
Then I joked, if it didn't last that long, I'm going to call you.
But this is really going to last that long. So it is here, this big monument.
Even this does not last that long. I call it Buddha teaching because it's a monument of love and
compassion and devotion, peaceful, harmonious with respect to all living beings.
Even it only lasts that the dust as long as atoms or the dust remains that long, the merit and the
benefit will prevail as a ripple effect to every direction.
And all the times, the teaching. So we all did great things. Really, I thank you so much, everyone,
your support and help, so many ways.
And because of you, we are able to do this. Thank you. Thank you, Trahi Delhi. And a happy Guru Moo
ji Day. Thank you.
Thank you, Trahi Delhi. Again, see you. Thank you.